well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about government's relationship with the
environment and I don't just mean the US
government although it's gonna be part
of the example I mean all governments in
general the environments always a
secondary concern very rarely the
primary on July 10th 1985 there was a
boat down in New Zealand it was called
the Rainbow Warrior it was down there to
draw attention to a French nuclear test
French government didn't like this very
much they didn't want people talking
about it
so French intelligence blew it up killed
somebody in the process that's not a
conspiracy theory they got caught pled
guilty went to president it happened in
a less dramatic way there's something
very similar happening in the United
States right now recently the president
gave a press conference of sorts in
which he proclaimed himself a land
protector conservationists all over the
world just stared at their TV and utter
confusion this administration has rolled
back so many environmental regulations I
was going to list them but we have that
kind of time it's insane it's it's an
immense list but cliff notes
he he's overseen the largest rollback of
federal land protections in history
he talks about the idea of opening the
entire coastline of the United States up
to offshore drilling while
simultaneously getting rid of the safety
regulations that help prevent spells he
killed the moratorium on leasing federal
lands to the coal industry squashed
regulations about the disposal of coal
ash
Roback so many clean water regulations I
don't even work again so yeah it's it's
doublespeak politicians saying one thing
and doing another that's kind of normal
it's kind of normal but at the same time
this is going on federal agencies are
currently scrubbing all references to
climate change because well can't have
you talking about it kind of like bomb
in that boat the test is going to happen
climate change is gonna happen we just
don't want people talking about
so yeah it's it's normal politics as
usual but this is done with malice
there's no debate about whether or not
climate change is a thing there's some
debate although not vigorous debate over
whether or not it is man-made or man
assisted or whether or not it's natural
you can debate that if you'd like but at
the end of the day it's happening the
Pentagon is drawing up plans to deal
with it it's a national security threat
but you're gonna be denied the
information you need to deal with it
because contrary to the very popular
fiction government's not here to protect
you it's not a protectorate it's a
government it's there to govern you to
maintain control and maintain power and
that's what it's about back in 1985 was
about military power so that's when they
bombed the boat but today it's different
we don't colonize anymore with flags and
guns we do with corporate logos engage
in cultural colonization as we rip
whatever we can out of the ground it's
worth noting that while he gave this
press conference he was flanked by a
former oil lobbyist and a former
lobbyist for the coal industry it's
something we need to keep in mind as the
environment gets politicized because the
environment as a whole doesn't have any
money but the oil and coal industry do
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night